ch-image build: support LABEL (#1514)
hpc/charliecloud: doc/ch-image.rst

The :code:`FROM` instruction accepts option :code:`--arg=NAME=VALUE`, which
serves the same purpose as the :code:`ARG` instruction. It can be repeated.

:code:`LABEL`

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> The :code:`LABEL` instruction accepts :code:`key=value` pairs to
> add metadata for an image. Unlike Docker, this metadata cannot be observed by
> using a :code:`inspect` command since Charliecloud users can directly view the
> metadata within their image manifest. Currently, :code:`LABEL` does not allow
> for users to declare label values on multiple lines. See issue `#1512
> <https://github.com/hpc/charliecloud/issues/1512>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :code:`LABEL` instruction accepts :code:`key=value` pairs to
add metadata for an image. Unlike Docker, multiline values are not supported. Can be repeated.
```

Reviewer: We should probably move the multiline issue to a comment somewhere, perhaps in the test file?

Author: That sounds good to me, I'll move it there in a place that looks good.

The :code:`FROM` instruction accepts option :code:`--arg=NAME=VALUE`, which
serves the same purpose as the :code:`ARG` instruction. It can be repeated.

:code:`LABEL`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The :code:`LABEL` instruction accepts :code:`key=value` pairs to

> add metadata for an image. Unlike Docker, multiline values are not supported. Can be repeated.

Reviewer 2: 1. Add a link to the issue to add multiline support (``(`issue #xxxx <https:/...>`_)``).
2. Wrap paragraph to 80 characters.

Author: Ok, should be all good now!
